GSOC final pull request (#740)
dbpedia/extraction-framework: dump/src/test/scala/org/dbpedia/extraction/dump/ExtractionTestAbstract.md

# ExtractionTestAbstract

designed for testing abstracts extractors
## Before all

* Delete tag @DoNotDiscover of ExtractionTestAbstract
* add the tag @DoNotDiscover to other test class

## Procedure :

> * first clean your target directory with ``` mvn clean ``` in the root directory of DIEF
> * go to bash scripts via ``` cd /dump/src/test/bash  ```
> * OPTIONAL :  creating a new Wikipedia minidump sample with ``` bash create_custom_sample.sh -n $numberOfPage -l $lang -d $optionalDate ```
> * process sample of Wikipedia pages ``` bash Minidump_custom_sample.sh -f $filename/lst ```
> * Update your extraction language parameter regarding of your minidump sample in [extraction.nif.abstracts.properties](https://github.com/datalogism/extraction-framework/blob/gsoc-celian/dump/src/test/resources/extraction-configs/extraction.nif.abstracts.properties) and in [extraction.plain.abstracts.properties](https://github.com/datalogism/extraction-framework/blob/gsoc-celian/dump/src/test/resources/extraction-configs/extraction.plain.abstracts.properties)
> * Change the name of your log in the [**ExtractionTestAbstract.scala**](https://github.com/datalogism/extraction-framework/blob/gsoc-celian/dump/src/test/scala/org/dbpedia/extraction/dump/ExtractionTestAbstract.scala) file
> * rebuild the app with ``` mvn install ``` or just test it with ```  mvn test -Dtest="ExtractionTestAbstract2" ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clean your target directory with `mvn clean` in the root directory of DIEF
1. Go to bash scripts via `cd /dump/src/test/bash`
1. OPTIONAL: Create a new Wikipedia minidump sample with `bash create_custom_sample.sh -n $numberOfPage -l $lang -d $optionalDate`
1. Process sample of Wikipedia pages `bash Minidump_custom_sample.sh -f $filename/lst`
1. Update the extraction language parameter for your minidump sample in [`extraction.nif.abstracts.properties`](https://github.com/datalogism/extraction-framework/blob/gsoc-celian/dump/src/test/resources/extraction-configs/extraction.nif.abstracts.properties) and in [`extraction.plain.abstracts.properties`](https://github.com/datalogism/extraction-framework/blob/gsoc-celian/dump/src/test/resources/extraction-configs/extraction.plain.abstracts.properties)
1. Change the name of your log in the [`ExtractionTestAbstract.scala`](https://github.com/datalogism/extraction-framework/blob/gsoc-celian/dump/src/test/scala/org/dbpedia/extraction/dump/ExtractionTestAbstract.scala) file
1. Rebuild the app with `mvn install`, or just test it with `mvn test -Dtest="ExtractionTestAbstract2"`
```
